1) Storage & Databases Service:-

Cloud Storage - Object storage with integrated edge caching to store unstructured data.
Cloud SQL - Database as a Service based on MySQL and PostgreSQL.
Cloud Bigtable - Managed NoSQL database service.
Cloud Spanner - Horizontally scalable, strongly consistent, relational database service.
Cloud Datastore - NoSQL database for web and mobile applications.
Persistent Disk -  Block storage for Compute Engine virtual machines.
Cloud MemoryStore - Managed in-memory data store based on Redis.
Local SSD: High-performance, transient, local block storage.
Filestore: High-performance file storage for Google Cloud users.

2) Networking:-

VPC - Virtual Private Cloud for managing the software defined network of cloud resources.
Cloud Load Balancing - Software-defined, managed service for load balancing the traffic.
Cloud Armor - Web application firewall to protect workloads from DDoS attacks.
Cloud CDN - Content Delivery Network based on Google's globally distributed edge points of presence.
Cloud Interconnect - Service to connect a data center with Google Cloud Platform
Cloud DNS - Managed, authoritative DNS service running on the same infrastructure as Google.
Network Service Tiers - Option to choose Premium vs Standard network tier for higher-performing network.

3)Big Data:-

BigQuery - Scalable, managed enterprise data warehouse for analytics.
Cloud Dataflow - Managed service based on Apache Beam for stream and batch data processing.
Cloud Dataproc - Big data platform for running Apache Hadoop and Apache Spark jobs.
Cloud Composer - Managed workflow orchestration service built on Apache Airflow.
Cloud Datalab - Tool for data exploration, analysis, visualization and machine learning. This is a fully managed Jupyter Notebook service.
Cloud Dataprep - Data service based on Trifacta to visually explore, clean, and prepare data for analysis.
Cloud Pub/Sub - Scalable event ingestion service based on message queues.
Cloud Data Studio - Business intelligence tool to visualize data through dashboards and reports.

4)Cloud AI:-

Cloud AutoML - Service to train and deploy custom machine, learning models. As of September 2018, the service is in Beta.
Cloud TPU - Accelerators used by Google to train machine learning models.
Cloud Machine Learning Engine - Managed service for training and building machine learning models based on mainstream frameworks.
Cloud Job Discovery - Service based on Google's search and machine learning capabilities for the recruiting ecosystem.
Dialogflow Enterprise -  Development environment based on Google's machine learning for building conversational interfaces.
Cloud Natural Language - Text analysis service based on Google Deep Learning models.
Cloud Speech-to-Text - Speech to text conversion service based on machine learning.
Cloud Text-to-Speech - Text to speech conversion service based on machine learning.
Cloud Translation API - Service to dynamically translate between thousands of available language pairs
Cloud Vision API - Image analysis service based on machine learning
Cloud Video Intelligence - Video analysis service based on machine learning

5) Identity & Security:-

Cloud Identity - Single sign-on (SSO) service based on SAML 2.0 and OpenID.
Cloud IAM - Identity & Access Management (IAM) service for defining policies based on role-based access control.
Cloud Identity-Aware Proxy - Service to control access to cloud applications running on Google Cloud Platform without using a VPN.
Cloud Data Loss Prevention API - Service to automatically discover, classify, and redact sensitive data.
Security Key Enforcement - Two-step verification service based on a security key.
Cloud Key Management Service  - Cloud-hosted key management service integrated with IAM and audit logging.
Cloud Resource Manager - Service to manage resources by project, folder, and organization based on the hierarchy.
Cloud Security Command Center - Security and data risk platform for data and services running in Google Cloud Platform.
Cloud Security Scanner - Automated vulnerability scanning service for applications deployed in App Engine.
Access Transparency - Near real-time audit logs providing visibility to Google Cloud Platform administrators.
VPC Service Controls - Service to manage security perimeters for sensitive data in Google Cloud Platform services.
